Added option to save suite output as html (#638)
deepchecks/deepchecks: docs/source/index.rst

and click on  |binder badge|  or on  |colab badge|  to launch it and see it in action,
or see our :doc:`/getting-started/index` to install it locally and continue from there.

.. note:: The package's output is suited for running in any Python environment.

>           Best viewed in Jupyer Notebooks but can be run in any ide and be saved as HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          The output is est viewed in Jupyter Notebooks (or JupyterLab), but it can also run in any ide and be exported as an HTML report.
```
